info.md, before:

# Cover Time Based Component Synced version

Cover Time Based Component for your [Home-Assistant](http://www.home-assistant.io) based on [davidramosweb's Cover Time Based Component](https://github.com/davidramosweb/home-assistant-custom-components-cover-time-based) and [nagyrobi's Cover RF Time based](https://github.com/nagyrobi/home-assistant-custom-components-cover-rf-time-based/),
modified to sync state of cover with the state of switches.

### Usage

### Example configuration.yaml entry
```yaml
cover:
  - platform: cover_time_based_synced
    devices:
      my_room_cover_time_based:
        name: My Room Cover
        travelling_time_up: 36
        travelling_time_down: 34
        close_switch_entity_id: switch.rf_myroom_cover_down
        open_switch_entity_id: switch.rf_myroom_cover_up
        send_stop_at_ends: False #optional
        aliases: #optional
          - my_room_cover_time_based
```

All mandatory settings self-explanatory. 
Optional settings:
- `send_stop_at_ends` defaults to `False`. If set to `True`, the Stop script will be run after the cover reaches to 0 or 100 (closes or opens completely). This is for people who use interlocked relays in the scripts to drive the covers, which need to be released when the covers reach the end positions.
- `aliases`: to override the entity name generated by Home Assistant internally from the (friendly) name.

Commit message:

deadzone support
Signed-off-by: Alexey Cluster <cluster@cluster.wtf>

info.md, after:

# Cover Time Based Component Synced version

Cover Time Based Component for your [Home-Assistant](http://www.home-assistant.io) based on [davidramosweb's Cover Time Based Component](https://github.com/davidramosweb/home-assistant-custom-components-cover-time-based) and [nagyrobi's Cover RF Time based](https://github.com/nagyrobi/home-assistant-custom-components-cover-rf-time-based/),
modified to sync state of cover with the state of switches.

### Usage

### Example configuration.yaml entry
```yaml
cover:
  - platform: cover_time_based_synced
    devices:
      my_room_cover_time_based:
        name: My Room Cover
        travelling_time_up: 36
        travelling_time_down: 34
        deadzone_up: 0 #optional
        deadzone_down: 0 #optional
        close_switch_entity_id: switch.rf_myroom_cover_down
        open_switch_entity_id: switch.rf_myroom_cover_up
        send_stop_at_ends: False #optional
        aliases: #optional
          - my_room_cover_time_based
```

All mandatory settings self-explanatory. 
Optional settings:
- `deadzone_up` and `deadzone_down` defaults to `0`. If set to a value, it will be used as a deadzone in percent (from 0 to 100). If the cover is within the deadzone, it will be considered as fully open or closed. This is useful if the cover length is not exactly the same as the distance the cover travels. 
- `send_stop_at_ends` defaults to `False`. If set to `True`, the Stop script will be run after the cover reaches to 0 or 100 (closes or opens completely). This is for people who use interlocked relays in the scripts to drive the covers, which need to be released when the covers reach the end positions.
- `aliases`: to override the entity name generated by Home Assistant internally from the (friendly) name.
