README.md, before:

[![hacs_badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/HACS-Default-orange.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/custom-components/hacs)

# Cover Time Based Component Synced version

Cover Time Based Component for your [Home-Assistant](http://www.home-assistant.io) based on [davidramosweb's Cover Time Based Component](https://github.com/davidramosweb/home-assistant-custom-components-cover-time-based) and [nagyrobi's Cover RF Time based](https://github.com/nagyrobi/home-assistant-custom-components-cover-rf-time-based/),
modified to sync state of cover with the state of switches.

## What does `synced` mean?

In the original implementations, covers are supposed to be controller only via Home Assistant.
If you use physical switches, it will ignore them and the actual state and the state in Home Assistant will be unsynchronised.

For example, you open covers to 50% in Home Assistant and then close them to 0% using physical switch.
In Home Assistant it will still show 50%, but the actual state of covers have been changed.

This component listens to events of cover switches and handles them to calculate state.

### Usage

### Example configuration.yaml entry
```yaml
cover:
  - platform: cover_time_based_synced
    devices:
      my_room_cover_time_based:
        name: My Room Cover
        travelling_time_up: 36
        travelling_time_down: 34
        deadzone_up: 0 #optional
        deadzone_down: 0 #optional
        close_switch_entity_id: switch.rf_myroom_cover_down
        open_switch_entity_id: switch.rf_myroom_cover_up
        send_stop_at_ends: False #optional
        aliases: #optional
          - my_room_cover_time_based
```

All mandatory settings self-explanatory. 
Optional settings:
- `deadzone_up` and `deadzone_down` defaults to `0`. If set to a value, it will be used as a deadzone in percent (from 0 to 100). If the cover is within the deadzone, it will be considered as fully open or closed. This is useful if the cover length is not exactly the same as the distance the cover travels. 
- `send_stop_at_ends` defaults to `False`. If set to `True`, the Stop script will be run after the cover reaches to 0 or 100 (closes or opens completely). This is for people who use interlocked relays in the scripts to drive the covers, which need to be released when the covers reach the end positions.
- `aliases`: to override the entity name generated by Home Assistant internally from the (friendly) name.

Commit message:

'send stop at the end' delay option
Signed-off-by: Alexey Cluster <cluster@cluster.wtf>

README.md, after:

[![hacs_badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/HACS-Default-orange.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/custom-components/hacs)

# Cover Time Based Component Synced version

Cover Time Based Component for your [Home-Assistant](http://www.home-assistant.io) based on [davidramosweb's Cover Time Based Component](https://github.com/davidramosweb/home-assistant-custom-components-cover-time-based) and [nagyrobi's Cover RF Time based](https://github.com/nagyrobi/home-assistant-custom-components-cover-rf-time-based/),
modified to sync state of cover with the state of switches.

## What does `synced` mean?

In the original implementations, covers are supposed to be controller only via Home Assistant.
If you use physical switches, it will ignore them and the actual state and the state in Home Assistant will be unsynchronised.

For example, you open covers to 50% in Home Assistant and then close them to 0% using physical switch.
In Home Assistant it will still show 50%, but the actual state of covers have been changed.

This component listens to events of cover switches and handles them to calculate state.

### Usage

### Example configuration.yaml entry
```yaml
cover:
  - platform: cover_time_based_synced
    devices:
      my_room_cover_time_based:
        name: My Room Cover
        travelling_time_up: 36
        travelling_time_down: 34
        deadzone_up: 0 #optional
        deadzone_down: 0 #optional
        close_switch_entity_id: switch.rf_myroom_cover_down
        open_switch_entity_id: switch.rf_myroom_cover_up
        send_stop_at_ends: False #optional
        send_stop_at_ends_delay: 0 #optional
        aliases: #optional
          - my_room_cover_time_based
```

All mandatory settings self-explanatory. 
Optional settings:
- `deadzone_up` and `deadzone_down` defaults to `0`. If set to a value, it will be used as a deadzone in percent (from 0 to 100). If the cover is within the deadzone, it will be considered as fully open or closed. This is useful if the cover length is not exactly the same as the distance the cover travels. 
- `send_stop_at_ends` defaults to `False`. If set to `True`, the Stop script will be run after the cover reaches to 0 or 100 (closes or opens completely). This is for people who use interlocked relays in the scripts to drive the covers, which need to be released when the covers reach the end positions.
- `send_stop_at_ends_delay` defaults to `0`. If `send_stop_at_ends` is set to `True`, this value will be used as a delay in seconds before the Stop script is run.
- `aliases`: to override the entity name generated by Home Assistant internally from the (friendly) name.
